Combine psql pages into one (#3677)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/integrations/query-admin/find-connection-details.md

---

> title: Connecting to Timescale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Find your connection details
```

excerpt: How to connect to a Timescale instance
products: [cloud, mst, self_hosted]
keywords: [connect, Managed Service for TimescaleDB, Timescale]
---

# Find your connection details 

> To connect to your $SERVICE_SHORT or self-hosted database, you need at least the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You connect to your $SERVICE_SHORT or self-hosted TimescaleDB, using a standard PostgreSQL [connection URI](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNSTRING-URIS): `postgres://<USERNAME>:<PASSWORD>@<HOST>:<PORT>/<DATABASENAME>?<PARAMSPEC>`.

For example, a connection URI to a  $SERVICE_LONG looks like:

    ```bash
    postgres://tsdbadmin:myfirstpetsname@s5pq0es2cy.vfbtkqzhtm.tsdb.cloud.timescale.com:39941/tsdb?sslmode=require
    ```
```

- Hostname
- Port
- Username
- Password

> - Database name

Reviewer: Remove

Find the connection details based on your installation type.

<Tabs label="Connection details">

<Tab title="Timescale Cloud">

> The connection details for your $SERVICE_LONG are available in $CONSOLE. Get them in one of the following ways:

Reviewer: To retrieve the connection details for your $SERVICE_LONG:

* **In `timescale-<service name>-credentials.txt`**:
   All connection details are supplied in the configuration file you download when you create a new $SERVICE_SHORT. 
* **In $CONSOLE**:
   Open the [`Services`][console-services] page and select your $SERVICE_SHORT. The connection details, except the password, are available in `Connect to your service` widget. If necessary, click `Forgot your password?` to get a new one.
     Can you add a screenshot please.
